[Music]
now did you ever think you could serve
jail time for a selfie well there's no
country quite like Saudi Arabia and
while it definitely has a colorful
culture some of its traditions and rules
are fascinating and some are just plain
weird see for yourself
Saudi Arabia is located on the Arabian
Peninsula just so you know this is the
world's largest peninsula and even
though Saudi Arabia is the 13th largest
country in the world it still has no
River considering the fact that it's
mostly deserts this is a real bummer for
everybody
plus despite its desert climate snow
rain and hail are never out of the
picture especially if you live in areas
like Tabuk there's also a very unusual
border between Saudi Arabia and Jordan
it's a zigzag shape and therefore
attracts tons of tourists from all over
the world the Saudi population is also
pretty young only 5% of people in Saudi
Arabia are over 60 in fact half of the
country is actually under the age of 24
now what's their secret Saudi Arabia has
its own royal family which can easily
compete with the British one
for instance the Saudi royal family is
estimated to be worth about 13 trillion
dollars well speaking of the royal
family the king of Saudi Arabia is
officially known as the custodian of the
Two Holy Mosques if you ever plan to
visit Saudi Arabia you should probably
know that taking pictures of buildings
or people is strictly forbidden here and
it's not all fun and games posting a
picture that violates someone's privacy
can cost you one year in jail or a fine
of more than 133,000 dollars if you're
left-handed you should also be careful
in Saudi culture the left hand is
considered unclean so whenever you meet
somebody new always use your right hand
for a handshake
moreover eating with your left hand is
considered a sin so good luck having a
delicious Saudi lunch also don't be
surprised if you see a Saudi family
enjoying their meals
on the floor another thing you should
keep in mind is to never show the soles
of your feet or shoes this is considered
to be highly disrespectful in Saudi
Arabia Saudi people take naming their
child pretty seriously they usually
choose names that somehow reflect their
kids heritage the clan they're from or
their extended family one of the most
successful industries in Saudi Arabia is
the camel industry and it's no joke you
guys they sell roughly 100 camels every
single day
would you like one hump or two now not
that long ago the women of Saudi Arabia
weren't allowed to drive cars or even
ride bicycles however they could easily
fly planes if they wanted to
hmm seems logical thankfully in 2018
this ban was lifted still Saudi women
have a whole set of other restrictions
they have to follow they can't leave
their house alone try on clothes before
buying them travel without the
permission of their male guardian or
even get important medical help without
the written signature from a male
relative okay however there are a couple
of silver linings for example since 2013
about 20% of the kingdom's Shura Council
members have been women universities are
also packed with women according to
statistics about 52% of students
pursuing a bachelor's degree are in fact
women at least Saudi education is doing
something right it's completely free by
the way and this goes for both college
and postgraduate schooling the students
also attend lessons a bit differently
from October all the way through July
Valentine's Day in Saudi Arabia also
comes with a set of rules flower shops
can't sell red roses gift shops avoid
selling heart-shaped products and girls
are prohibited from wearing red to
school and if you're a Saudi man giving
flowers to your sweetheart is also not a
good idea here women can only receive
flowers from other women
Saudi wedding ceremonies are also not as
fun as you might think
believe it or not they're often held
separately for the bride
the groom the newlyweds get together
only near the end of it
but enough about romance soon enough
Saudi Arabia's gonna have the tallest
building in the world it's called the
Jeddah Tower or the Kingdom Tower and
this baby will reach 3,280 feet in
height oh boy I also have some bad news
for Pokemon lovers it's banned in Saudi
Arabia and this ban involves everything
from games to innocent cards the same
thing happened to another huge hit Harry
Potter books that's right your favorite
magic story is banned in Saudi Arabia
too that's because the government is
very serious about Saudi citizens
practicing any form of witchcraft or
sorcery and even has a police unit for
catching magic practitioners remember
the popular dab dance move well a Saudi
singer was actually arrested for
performing it in public the government
sees it as a strong reference to drug
use and doesn't want Saudi youth to get
involved in it music classes are also
kind of banned in public schools sure
the Saudi music industry is pretty
dynamic but all Saudi musicians either
taught themselves how to play
instruments or had to hire a tutor men
and women if they're not related still
can't interact with one another freely
in Saudi Arabia yep most of the public
areas are actually segregated and even
have different entrances for different
sexes and breaking this rule can lead to
serious criminal charges for both
parties by the way there are no cinemas
in Saudi Arabia for the same reason the
government believes that movies may give
men and women inappropriate ideas so
some Saudi people actually take trips to
Bahrain to watch a new blockbuster if
you live in Saudi Arabia you should also
forget about crazy birthday parties
public gatherings of any kind are
completely prohibited so your best
option is having a piece of cake at home
in your favorite pajamas Saudi people
however seem to be real adrenaline
junkies at heart they really enjoy
sidewalk skiing which is basically when
you tilt your vehicle while driving when
another person stands on top of it
while
when the rest of the world obsesses over
oil Saudi people know what's good here
fresh water is way more expensive and
valuable however that's probably because
all the oil in Saudi Arabia could easily
fill more than four point seven million
Olympic sized swimming pools Saudi
Arabia is full of amazing places you can
visit and enjoy as a tourist and as
culture and beauty are definitely worth
your attention so what's the weirdest
thing about your country let me know
down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet we have
over two thousand cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life